Adding links to the new wasm article on Medium (#10516)
flutter/website: src/content/platform-integration/web/wasm.md

[`package:web`]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/web
[`dart:js_interop`]: {{site.dart.api}}/{{site.dart.sdk.channel}}/dart-js_interop 

:::note
For information on how to optimize web loading speed,
check out the (free) article on Medium,
[Best practices for optimizing Flutter web loading speed][article].

[article]: {{site.flutter-medium}}/best-practices-for-optimizing-flutter-web-loading-speed-7cc0df14ce5c

> :::

Reviewer: **question:** As this is repeated in [another file](https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/10516/files#diff-40540badc69a9b7240fba3b99d24ebfff2735f812a45aa6d419199f33beb2986R15-R21), why not make this an include / render instead?

To learn more about Flutter build release channels and how to switch to
the `beta` channel, check out the

> [Flutter wiki]({{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/wiki/Flutter-build-release-channels).

Reviewer: **question:** Here and elsewhere, you point to a Wiki article that's almost 6 years old. Some of the information is [covered in the docs now](https://docs.flutter.dev/testing/build-modes) which is also 5+ years old. Should we link to the docs page first and look at updating it and bring some of the Wiki content into docs?

Reviewer 2: Yes this has always been an awkward discrepency. We should update the docs with any relevant information. I'll defer that to separate, follow-up work though as those links are across the website.

To ensure you are running the latest version,
run `flutter upgrade`.

To verify that your Flutter install supports Wasm,
run `flutter build web --help`.

> At the bottom of the output, you should find experimental Wasm options like:

Reviewer: **question:** Wouldn't this be conditional on having Wasm support?

```suggestion
If your Flutter install supports Wasm, the response to this command should show experimental Wasm options.
```

Reviewer 2: Hmm, might be good to clarify that, but for now it seems the conditionality is implied by the previous sentence. Feel free to open a new PR with this change as I'd like to get this landed. Thanks!

### Serve the output locally with an HTTP server

> If you don't have a local HTTP server installed, you can use

Reviewer: **question:** Why remove the `the`? This reads awkwardly now.
